[MUSIC]
I was 13 when I first got
access to a computer.
>> My parents.
Bought me a Macintosh in 1984
when I was eight years old.
>> I was in sixth grade.
>> I learned to code in college.
>> Freshman year, first semester,
intro to computer science.
>> I wrote a program to
>> Play Tic Tac Toe.
>> I think it was pretty
humble beginnings.
I think the first program I wrote asked
things like, what's your favorite color,
or how old are you.
>> I first learned how to
make a green circle and
a red square appear on the screen.
>> The first time I actually
had something come up and
say, hello world, I made a computer
do that, it was just astonishing.
>> Learning how to program
didn't start off as wanting to
>> Learn all of computer science or
trying to master this discipline or
anything like that.
I just started off because I wanted
to do this one simple thing.
I wanted to make something that
was fun for myself and my sisters.
And I wrote this little program, then
basically just add a little bit to it.
And when I needed to learn something new,
I looked it up,
either in a book or on the Internet,
and then added a little bit to it.
>> It's really not unlike
playing an instrument or
something, or
>> Or playing a sport.
>> [NOISE] Chris Bosh.
>> It starts being very intimidating, but
you kinda get the hang of it over time.
>> Coding is something
that can be learned,
and I know it can be intimidating and
a lot of things are intimidating.
But what isn't.
>> A lot of the coding that people
do is actually fairly simple.
It's more about the process of breaking
down problems then, you know, sort of
coming up with complicated algorithms
as people traditionally think about it.
>> You don't have to be
a genius to know how to code.
You need to be determined.
>> Addition, subtraction, that's about it.
>> You should probably know
your multiplication tables.
>> You don't have to be a genius to code.
Do you have to be a genius to read?
>> Even if you want to become a race car
driver or play baseball, or, you know,
build a house, all of these things have
been turned upside down by software.
>> What it is is, you know,
computers are everywhere.
You want to work in agriculture?
Do you want to work in entertainment?
Do you want to work in manufacturing,
it's just all over.
[MUSIC]
>> Here we are, in 2013.
We all depend on technology,
to communicate, to bank, information.
And none of us know how to read and
write code.
>> When I was in school I was in this
after school group called the Whiz Kids,
and when people found out, they laughed
at me and, you know, all these things.
And I'm like, man, I don't care.
I think it's cool and I'm learning
a lot and some of my friends have jobs.
[MUSIC]
>> Our policy is literally to hire as
many talented engineers as we can find.
The whole limit in the system is
just that there just aren't enough
people who are trained and
have these skills today.
>> To get the very best people, we try to
make the office as awesome as possible.
[MUSIC]
You're a fantastic chef.
>> Free food.
>> Breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
>> Free laundry.
>> Snacks.
>> Even places to play, and
video games and scooters.
There's all these kind of interesting
things around the office, and
places where people can play or relax, or
go to think or play music, or be creative.
[MUSIC]
Whether you're trying to make a lot of
money, or whether you just wanna change
the world, computer programming is
an incredibly empowering skill to learn.
>> I think if someone had told me that
software is really about
>> Humanity that it's really about helping
people by using computer technology, it
would've changed my outlook a lot earlier.
>> To be able to actually come up with
an idea and then see it in your hands and
then be able to press a button and
have been millions of people's hands,
I mean, I think we're the
>> First generation in the world that's
really ever had that kind of experience.
>> Just to think that you can start
something in your college dorm room and
you can have a set of people who haven't
built a big company before come together
and build something that
a billion people use as part
of their daily lives [LAUGH] is
just crazy to think about, right?
It's really humbling and it's amazing.
The programmers of tomorrow
are the wizards of the future.
You know, you're gonna look like you have
magic powers, compared to everybody else.
>> It's amazing.
I think it's the closest thing
we have to a superpower.
>> Great coders are today's rock stars.
That's it.
[MUSIC]